Triton Television Constitution
Rev. July 2024
Prepared By:
Catherine Alderete, Sam Campbell, Ray de Guzman,
Nicholas Geoghegan, Jalal Jaffer, Elisa Kim, Alex Lowe
Table of Contents:
I.
Triton Television
II.
Hierarchy of Roles
III.
Programming
IV.
Protocol and Operations
V.
General Policy
Triton Television
Name of Organization
The full formal name of this student organization is “Triton Television – UCSD’s
Student-Run Film Studio”. In all correspondence, marketing, and within this
document, the shortened form “Triton Television” shall be used, or the
abbreviated form “TTV”.
Triton Television Mission Statement
Triton Television is a student-run film and video-production studio located at the
University of California, San Diego. This student organization exists to fulfill the
following goals:
●
Support the UC San Diego student body by providing complementary
photography and videography services to student organizations
●
Empower student filmmakers by offering access to our resources, including
equipment and studio space, to facilitate content production.
●
Organize events that promote networking within the filmmaking community
at UC San Diego
The Triton Television Studio
This organization is operated from the Triton Television Studio, henceforth
labeled the “Studio Space”. Unless future actions of the organization render this
section obsolete, the Studio Space shall be located in room ___ on the second floor
of the Old Student Center.
Hierarchy of Roles
The membership of Triton Television is structured according to the following hierarchy of
roles. This hierarchy exists to ensure the internal functions of the organization are
completed in a timely and effective manner. The hierarchy of roles is as follows:
Administrative Positions
There are nine stipended Administrators of Triton Television (henceforth labeled
“Admin”). These nine admin function together as Triton Television’s “Admin Team”
who are responsible for all administrative and managerial tasks within the
organization. The following hierarchy of Admin Positions is necessary for
administrative purposes; in practice, all Admin have equal say in decision-making,
with deference to the Station Managers when necessary.
Station Managers (x2)
There shall be two Station Managers, equal in standing and say, who are
responsible for overseeing all Triton Television functions. The two Station
Managers shall operate as a team to manage the organization and supervise
the other six Administrators.
Director of Internal Affairs (x1)
There shall be a Director of Internal Affairs, who is responsible for managing
day-to-day functions and finances of the organization and for overseeing use
of the Studio Space.
Director of Staff Development (x1)
There shall be a Director of Staff Development, who is responsible for
training new members of the organization and running the Intern Program.
Director of External Affairs (x1)
There shall be a Director of External Affairs, who is responsible for marketing
Triton Television and managing external functions of the organization.
A.S. Project Managers (x2)
There shall be two A.S. Project Managers, equal in standing and say, who are
responsible for producing and managing any projects which concern
Associated Students or for any student organizations which are fully funded
by Associated Students.
Project Manager (x1)
There shall be a Project Manager, who is responsible for planning, staffing,
and overseeing commissioned film projects, including those for student orgs
(not-including Associated Students) and external companies.
Film Festival Coordinator (x1)
There shall be a Film Festival Coordinator responsible for planning and
overseeing the UCSD Film Festival and the two 48-Hour Film Festivals.
The descriptions above are meant as baselines for each position; effective Triton
Television Administrators are expected and encouraged to go beyond the minimum
requirements and take on further projects and responsibilities that serve the
mission statement of the organization. If instances shall arise when one
Administrator
becomes
unavailable
for
a
short
duration due to personal
circumstances, whether personal or academic, it is expected that the rest of the
Admin Team shall handle the absent member’s responsibilities in their stead. The
Administrator descriptions are a guideline meant to be built upon dependent on the
changing circumstances of the organization.
Executive Producer (≤5)
The Admin Team shall have the power to, when conditions allow, create
sub-administrative roles termed “Executive Producers”. This honorary title is given
to producers within TTV who have made significant contributions to the
organization and have earned the trust of the Triton Television Administrators to
lead projects in their absence.
Senior Producer (≤20)
The Admin Team shall have the power to assign the title of “Senior Producer” to
certain producer applicants if they deem that incoming Phase One Interns would
benefit from their mentorship. To apply for the position of Senior Producer,
applicants must be Producers. Senior Producers receive higher priority when
checking out equipment and, in exchange, are expected to mentor at least one Phase
One Intern and actively contribute to Triton Television projects.
Producer (Unlimited)
The Admin Team shall have the power to assign the title of “Producer” to members
who have successfully completed the requirements for the Phase Two Internship or
the Junior Producer Program. Producers are granted access to check out equipment
and request studio space, as they have earned the trust and demonstrated the
knowledge required by the Admin Team.
Phase Two Intern (≤30)
The Admin Team shall have the power to assign the title of “Phase Two Intern” to
those who have successfully completed the requirements of the Phase One
Internship. In the past, Phase Two Interns have either created a film as a group or
worked on an approved project to earn "Producer" status. However, the specific
method for achieving "Producer" status is determined by the current Triton
Television Administrators.
Phase One Intern (≤30)
The Admin Team assigns certain applicants the position of Phase One Intern, if they
believe the applicant would benefit from participating in the intern program. Phase
One Interns are expected to attend weekly meetings, led by the Director of Staff
Development, to learn the basics of filmmaking. Upon completing their lessons,
every intern is expected to demonstrate their learning by creating a short film.
Junior Producer (≤10)
Triton Television Administrators shall be able to assign certain applicants the
position of Junior Producer, if they believe the applicant's experience exceeds what
the intern program can offer. In the past, Junior Producers have either created a film
as a group or worked on an approved project to earn "Producer" status. However,
the specific method for achieving "Producer" status is determined by the current
Triton Television Administrators.
Associates (Unlimited)
The Triton Television Administrators shall be able to assign certain non-members
the position of Associate. This position is reserved for “friends of Triton Television”,
who did not complete the Intern Program or the Apprenticeship, yet nevertheless
have contributed greatly to the organization.
